DefraDB Community License Agreement

Please read this DefraDB Community License Agreement (the “Agreement”)
carefully before using DefraDB Enterprise (as defined below), which is offered
by Source Inc. (“Source”).

By downloading DefraDB Enterprise or using it in any manner, you agree that
you have read and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you are
accessing DefraDB Enterprise on behalf of a legal entity, you represent and
warrant that you have the authority to agree to these terms on its behalf and
the right to bind that legal entity to this Agreement. Use of DefraDB
Enterprise is expressly conditioned upon your assent to all the terms of this
Agreement, to the exclusion of all other terms.

1.  Definitions. In addition to other terms defined elsewhere in this
    Agreement, the terms below have the following meanings.
   
    a.  “DefraDB Core” shall mean the NoSQL Peer-to-Peer Embeddable Edge
        database software made available free of charge by the the
        Democratized Data Foundation under the terms of the Business Source
        License 1.1 at: https://github.com/sourcenetwork/defradb. The terms of
        the Business Source License 1.1, and not this Agreement, govern your
        use of DefraDB Core.
   
    b.  “DefraDB Enterprise” shall mean the NoSQL Peer-to-Peer Embeddable Edge
        database software provided by Source. For clarity, DefraDB Enterprise
        includes a commercial license to DefraDB Core and additional features
        that may be provided from time to time by Source. 
   
    c.  “Contribution” shall mean any work of authorship, including the
        original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to
        that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted
        Source for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an
        individual or legal entity authorized to submit on behalf of the
        copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, “submitted”
        means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to
        Source or its representatives, including but not limited to
        communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control
        systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf
        of, Source for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
        excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
        designated in writing by the copyright owner as “Not a Contribution.”
   
    d.  “Contributor” shall mean any copyright owner or individual or legal
        entity authorized by the copyright owner, other than Source Inc, from
        whom Source receives a Contribution that Source subsequently
        incorporates within the Work.
   
    e.  “Derivative Works” shall mean any work, whether in Source Code or
        Object Code form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work, such as
        a translation, abridgement, condensation, or any other recasting,
        transformation, or adaptation for which the editorial revisions,
        annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a
        whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this
        License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
        separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
        the Work and Derivative Works thereof.
   
    f.  “Licensor” shall mean Source or a Contributor, as applicable.
   
    g.  “Object Code” form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
        transformation or translation of a Source Code form, including but not
        limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and
        conversions to other media types.
   
    h.  “Source Code” form shall mean the human-readable form of software code
        preferred for making modifications, including but not limited to
        software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.
   
    i.  “Third Party Works” shall mean other technology owned by a third party
        other than Source, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included
        in or attached to such Works or technology. Third Party Works includes
        without limitation DefraDB Core.
   
    j.  “Work” shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source Code or
        Object Code form, made available under a License, as indicated by a
        copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work. Work
        includes, without limitation, the Source Code of the DefraDB
        Enterprise Edition and any Contributions thereto.
   
    k.  “You” (or “Your”) shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
        permissions granted by this License.

2. License to DefraDB Enterprise Edition.
   
    a.  Grant of Copyright License: Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
        including payment of Fees as set forth in Section 4, Source (and each
        Licensor) hereby grants to You a worldwide, non-exclusive,
        non-transferable limited license to use, reproduce, prepare Enterprise
        Derivative Works (as defined below) of, publicly display, publicly
        perform, and distribute DefraDB Enterprise Edition, in Source Code and
        Object Code form, solely for Your business purposes.
   
    b.  Grant of Patent License: Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
        including payment of Fees as set forth in Section 4, Source (and each
        Licensor) hereby grants to You a worldwide, non-exclusive,
        non-transferable limited patent license to make, have made, use, offer
        to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer DefraDB Enterprise
        Edition, where such license applies only to those patent claims
        licensable by Source (and each Licensor) that are necessarily
        infringed by the Work, any Contribution(s) alone, or by combination of
        any Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was
        submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity
        (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that
        the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes
        direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
        granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of
        the date such litigation is filed.
   
    c.  License to Third Party Works: From time to time Source may use, or
        provide You access to, Third Party Works in connection DefraDB
        Enterprise Edition. You acknowledge and agree that in addition to this
        Agreement, Your use of Third Party Works is subject to all other terms
        and conditions set forth in the License provided with or contained in
        such Third Party Works. Some Third Party Works may be licensed to You
        solely for use with DefraDB Enterprise Edition under the terms of a
        third party License, or as otherwise notified by Source, and not under
        the terms of this Agreement. You agree that the owners and third party
        licensors of Third Party Works are intended third party beneficiaries
        to this Agreement.

3.  Additional Services. From time to time, in its sole discretion, Source may
    offer professional services (“Professional Services”) or support
    (“Support,” and together with Professional Services, “Additional
    Services”) for DefraDB Enterprise, which may now or in the future be
    subject to additional terms and conditions and/or fees. By requesting or
    purchasing such Services, you agree to pay such fees and abide by such
    additional terms and conditions.

4.  Fees for DefraDB Enterprise Edition and Additional Services.

    a.  Fees. The License to DefraDB Enterprise Edition is conditioned upon
        Your payment of the fees as may be set forth by Source from time to
        time. Any Additional Services for DefraDB Enterprise may also be
        subject to Your payment of fees, which will be specified by Source
        when you sign up to receive such Additional Services. Source reserves
        the right to change the fees at any time with prior written notice;
        for recurring fees, any such adjustments will take effect as of the
        next pay period.

    b.  Overdue Payments and Taxes. Overdue payments are subject to a service
        charge equal to the lesser of 1.5% per month or the maximum legal
        interest rate allowed by law, and You shall pay all Source’s
        reasonable costs of collection, including court costs and attorneys’
        fees. Fees are stated and payable in U.S. dollars and are exclusive of
        all sales, use, value added and similar taxes, duties, withholdings
        and other governmental assessments (but excluding taxes based on
        Source’s income) that may be levied on the transactions contemplated
        by this Agreement in any jurisdiction, all of which are Your
        responsibility unless you have provided Source with a valid tax-exempt
        certificate.

5.  Redistribution[c]. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
    Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and
    in Source Code or Object Code form, provided that You meet the following
    conditions:
   
    a.  You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a
        copy of this License; and
   
    b.  You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating
        that You changed the files; and
   
    c.  You must retain, in the Source Code form of any Derivative Works that
        You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution
        notices from the Source Code form of the Work, excluding those notices
        that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and
   
    d.  If the Work includes a “NOTICE” text file as part of its distribution,
        then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable
        copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file,
        excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the
        Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a
        NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within
        the Source Code form or documentation, if provided along with the
        Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
        Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The
        contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do
        not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices
        within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an
        addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such
        additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the
        License.

        You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may
        provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
        reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such
        Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and
        distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated
        in this License.
   
    5.  Enterprise Derivative Works: Derivative Works of DefraDB Enterprise
        Edition (“Enterprise Derivative Works”) may be made, reproduced and
        distributed in any medium, with or without modifications, in Source
        Code or Object Code form, provided that each Enterprise Derivative
        Work will be considered to require a License to DefraDB Enterprise
        Edition and thus will be subject to the payment of fees to Source Inc.
        by any user of the Enterprise Derivative Work.

6.  Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
    Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in DefraDB Enterprise
    by You to Source, Inc. shall be under the terms and conditions of
    https://www.apache.org/licenses/cla-corporate.txt (provided that all
    instances of “Foundation” therein shall be deemed to refer to Source,
    Inc.), without any additional terms or conditions, payments of royalties
    or otherwise to Your benefit. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein
    shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement You
    may have executed with Source Inc. regarding such Contributions.

7.  Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
    trademarks, service marks, or product names of any Licensor, except as
    required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the
    Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

8.  Limited Additional Services Warranty. Source warrants to You that any
    Additional Services performed by Source under this Agreement will be
    performed in a workmanlike manner, in accordance with general industry
    standards. In the event of a breach of a warranty under this Section 8,
    Source will, at its discretion and cost, either (i) re-perform the
    applicable Additional Services or (ii) refund a portion of fees previously
    paid to Source that are associated with the defective Additional Services.
    This is your exclusive remedy, and Source’s sole liability, arising in
    connection with the limited warranties herein.

9.  Disclaimer of Warranties. Except as set out in Section 8, unless required
    by applicable law, Source provides the Additional Services and each
    Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
    Contributions) on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
    ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING,
    COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE IN TRADE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
    ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,
    CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ALL OF
    WHICH ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. You are solely responsible for determining
    the appropriateness of using or redistributing Works and assume any risks
    associated with Your exercise of permissions under the applicable License
    for such Works.

10. Limited Indemnity.

    a.  Indemnity. Source will defend, indemnify and hold You harmless against
        any third party claims, liabilities or expenses incurred (including
        reasonable attorneys’ fees), as well as amounts finally awarded in a
        settlement or a non-appealable judgement by a court (“Losses”), to the
        extent arising from any claim by a third party that DefraDB Enterprise
        Edition infringes or misappropriates a valid United States patent or
        copyright or trade secret right of a third party; provided that You
        give Source: (i) prompt written notice of any such claim or
        allegation; (ii) sole control of the defense and settlement thereof;
        and (iii) reasonable cooperation and assistance in such defense or
        settlement. If any Work within DefraDB Enterprise Edition becomes or,
        in Source’s opinion, is likely to become, the subject of an
        injunction, Source may, at its option, (A) procure for You the right
        to continue using such Work, (B) replace or modify such Work so that
        it becomes non-infringing without substantially compromising its
        functionality, or, if (A) and (B) are not commercially practicable,
        then (C) terminate Your license to the allegedly infringing Work and
        refund to You a prorated portion of the prepaid and unearned fees for
        such infringing Work. The foregoing states the entire liability of
        Source with respect to infringement of patents, copyrights, trade
        secrets or other intellectual property rights.
   
    b.  Exclusions. The foregoing obligations shall not apply to: (i) Works
        modified by any party other than Source (including Enterprise
        Derivative Works and Contributions), if the alleged infringement
        relates to such modification, (ii) Works combined or bundled with any
        products, processes or materials not provided by Source where the
        alleged infringement relates to such combination, (iii) use of a
        version of DefraDB Enterprise Edition other than the version that was
        current at the time of such use, as long as a non-infringing version
        had been released, (iv) any Works created to Your specifications, (v)
        infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in which You
        have an interest, or (vi) Third Party Works. You will defend,
        indemnify and hold Source harmless against any Losses arising from any
        such claim or allegation, subject to conditions reciprocal to those in
        Section 10(a).

11. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE
    THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, WARRANTY, OR
    OTHERWISE, UNLESS BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS
    AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, SHALL SOURCE OR ANY LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU
    FOR (I) ANY AMOUNTS IN EXCESS, IN THE AGGREGATE, OF THE FEES PAID BY YOU
    TO SOURCE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE
    DATE THE FIRST CAUSE OF LIABILITY AROSE, OR (II) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
    INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, RELIANCE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
    CHARACTER ARISING AS A RESULT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR OUT OF THE USE OR
    INABILITY TO USE THE WORK (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS
    OF GOODWILL, PROFITS, DATA OR DATA USE, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR
    MALFUNCTION, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, TECHNOLOGY OR
    SERVICES, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES), EVEN IF
    SOURCE OR ANY LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
    DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE
    ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

12. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing Works or
    Derivative Works thereof, and without limiting your obligations under
    Section 5, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of
    support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights
    consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You
    may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on
    behalf of any other Licensor, and You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold
    Source and each other Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by,
    or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting
    any such warranty or additional liability.

13. General.
   
    a.  Relationship of Parties. You and Source are independent contractors,
        and nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute either party as the
        agent or representative of the other or both parties as joint
        venturers or partners for any purpose.
   
    b.  Export Control. You will comply fully with all applicable export laws
        and regulations of the United States (“Export Laws”) to ensure that
        neither DefraDB Enterprise nor any technical data related thereto is:
        (i) exported or re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of
        Export Laws; or (ii) used for any purposes prohibited by the Export
        Laws, including, but not limited to, nuclear, chemical, or biological
        weapons proliferation.
   
    c.  Assignment. This Agreement and the rights and obligations herein may
        not be assigned or transferred, in whole or in part, by You without
        the prior written consent of Source. Any assignment in violation of
        this provision is void. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and
        inure to the benefit of, the successors and permitted assigns of the
        parties.
   
    d.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under
        the laws of the State of California and the United States without
        regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and without regard to
        the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act. Any legal action or
        proceeding arising under this Agreement will be brought exclusively in
        the federal or state courts located in the Northern District of
        California and the parties irrevocably consent to the personal
        jurisdiction and venue therein.
   
    e.  Attorneys’ Fees. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under
        this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its
        costs, expenses and attorneys’ fees.
   
    f.  Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
        invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, that provision shall
        be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this
        Agreement otherwise remains in full force and effect and enforceable.
   
    g.  Entire Agreement; Waivers; Modification. This Agreement constitutes
        the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject
        matter hereof and supersedes all proposals, understandings, or
        discussions, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter
        of this Agreement and all past dealing or industry custom. The failure
        of either party to enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time
        for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights. No
        changes, modifications or waivers to this Agreement will be effective
        unless in writing and signed by both parties. This Agreement may be
        executed in counterparts, each of which will constitute an original,
        and all of which will constitute one and the same instrument.
   
    h.  Force Majeure.  Neither party will be responsible for any failure or
        delay in its performance under this Agreement (except for any payment
        obligations) to the extent the failure or delay is due to causes
        beyond its reasonable control, including, but is not limited to, labor
        disputes, strikes, lockouts, shortages of or inability to obtain
        labor, energy, raw materials or supplies, war, terrorism, riot, acts
        of God or governmental action.